freelance.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Freelance
permalink: /freelance/
---

# Who I Am, What I Do / My Experiences
I'm a European developer with 7+ years of experience, nearly half of that being work with Spigot plugin development. I've created a total of [14 public Spigot plugins](https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/authors/erdi__.948543/), with a few other unpublished plugins under my belt. I do anything from minigames to moderation, however I've no experience in BungeeCord development so anything like that isn't in the picture.  

# Pricing (USD)
*Payment is made via PayPal*  
  
Pricing varies by project and is negotiable, although as a general rule of thumb my pricing ranges are such:

Small projects (Simple Commands, Simple Event Manipulation, ...): <span style="color: green;">Free<span style="color: gray;">* or</span> $30 - $60</span>  
<span style="color: gray;"><i>* Small projects are free if they are simple enough and you agree to vouch</i></span>

- Estimated delivery: 1-2 days (varying on complexity)


Advanced projects (Advanced Commands, GUIs, ...): <span style="color: green;">$65 - $240</span>

- Estimated delivery: 1-5 days (varying on complexity)


Larger projects: <span style="color: green;">$250+</span>

- Estimated delivery: 1+ week(s) (varying on complexity)



Source code is included in all of these packages.  
These prices are estimates, actual prices may be lower or higher depending on the nature of the request. If you are unsure if I fit your budget, make sure to contact me.  
  
Revisions, such as updates to my plugins, will usually cost 10% of what I charged to make them ─ though that may increase or decrease slightly depending on the nature of the revision.

# Why Pick Me?
I've an extensive amount of experience in Spigot development, Java, and programming in general. I have experience in a handful of languages, such as Python, C/C++, Lua, JavaScript, and of course Java - just to name a few. I am available to also create simple scripts or applications to assist in managing your server.  
*I'm also a quick learner*, I follow instructions accurately and as well as possible. That, on top of my existing experience, means quick, accurate, and quality service!  
I am communicative. I'm open to any idea and will make sure what you get is what you want.

# Contact
Check the [Contact Page]({{ "/contact" | relative_url }}).

Commit message:

Freelance rewording and price change

freelance.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Freelance
permalink: /freelance/
---

# Who I Am, What I Do / My Experiences
I'm a European developer with 7+ years of experience, nearly half of that being work with Spigot plugin development. I've created a total of [16 public Spigot plugins](https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/authors/erdi__.948543/), with a few other unpublished plugins under my belt. I do anything from minigames to moderation, however I've no experience in BungeeCord development so anything like that isn't in the picture.  

# Pricing (USD)
*Payment is made via PayPal or Ko-Fi*  
  
I'll either do $10/hr or flat-rate prices, the choice is yours on which you're most comfortable with.  
Pricing varies by project and is negotiable, although as a general rule of thumb my pricing ranges are such:

Small projects (Simple Commands, Simple Event Manipulation, ...): <span style="color: aqua;">Free</span><span style="color: gray;">*</span> <span style="color: green;"><span style="color: lightgreen;">or</span> $15 - $60</span>  

- Estimated delivery: 1-2 days (varying on complexity)


Advanced projects (Advanced Commands, GUIs, ...): <span style="color: green;">$65 - $150</span>

- Estimated delivery: 1-5 days (varying on complexity)


Larger projects: <span style="color: green;">$150+</span>

- Estimated delivery: 1+ week(s) (varying on complexity)


<span style="color: gray;"><i>* Small projects are free provided they are simple enough and you agree to vouch</i></span>

Source code is included in all of these packages. Do note, for anything $100+ I will charge 15% of the price upfront.  

# Why Pick Me?
I've an extensive amount of experience in Spigot development, Java, and programming in general. I have experience in a handful of languages, such as Python, C/C++, Lua, JavaScript, and of course Java - just to name a few. I am available to also create simple scripts or applications to assist in managing your server.  
*I'm also a quick learner*, I follow instructions accurately and as well as possible. That, on top of my existing experience, means quick, accurate, and quality service!  
I am communicative. I'm open to any idea and will make sure what you get is what you want.

# Contact
Check the [Contact Page]({{ "/contact" | relative_url }}).
